= Nicolas Goles .vim

This repo contains my 100% real daily use Vim Config.
It's based on the work of {Ben Bleything}[https://github.com/bleything/dotvim], so cheers to him!

== Installation

Pretty straightforward.  Clone and symlink:

  $ git clone git://github.com/bleything/dotvim.git ~/.vim
  $ ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc

Optionally, you may want to update the bundles:

  $ cd ~/.vim && rake update

== What's Inside?!

* My own personal settings, mainly to work with Rails and now Objective-C (iOS).

Also, some plugins:

* {Pathogen}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2332]
* {Ctrl-P}[git://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git]
* {Neocomplcache}[git://github.com/Shougo/neocomplcache.git]
* {Vim-Autoclose}[git://github.com/Townk/vim-autoclose.git]
* {Surround}[git://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git]
* {Clang Complete}[git://github.com/Goles/Clang_Complete-Pathogen.git]
* {ack}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2572]
* {CSS Color}[https://github.com/ap/vim-css-color]
* {NERD Commenter}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1218]
* {Rails}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1567]

Aaaaaalso, some syntax definitions:

* {Git}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1654]
* {HAML/SASS}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1433]
* {JSON}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1945]
* {Markdown}[http://github.com/ujihisa/vim-markdown]
* {RDoc}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2878]
* {Scala}[https://github.com/derekwyatt/vim-scala]
* {Slidedown}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3069]
* {Textile}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2305]
* {VCL}[https://github.com/smerrill/vcl-vim-plugin]
* {Coffee Script}[git://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script.git]

== Credits

[Ben Bleything]    Original author of the Rakefile. I actually deleted several
                   of his plug-ins and color files.

[Other Folks]      The authors of the plugins and syntax defined above.

== Copyright and License

I don't believe in copyrighting configs. However, some of the scripts and
plugins and whatnot may be copyrighted; see those files for details.
